rustup-init.sh: add page (#8259)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/rustup-init.sh.md

# rustup-init.sh

> Script to install `rustup` and the Rust toolchain.
> More information: <https://forge.rust-lang.org/infra/other-installation-methods.html#rustup>.

- Download and run `rustup-init` to install `rustup` and the default Rust toolchain:

`curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh -s`

- Download and run `rustup-init` and pass arguments to it:

`curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh -s -- {{arguments}}`

- Run `rustup-init` and specify additional components or targets to install:

`rustup-init.sh --target {{target}} --component {{component}}`

- Run `rustup-init` and specify the default toolchain to install:

`rustup-init.sh --default-toolchain {{toolchain}}`

- Run `rustup-init` and do not install any toolchain:

`rustup-init.sh --default-toolchain {{none}}`

> - Run `rustup-init` and specify a specific installation profile:

Reviewer: What about this "light" version? 😊   
```suggestion
- Run `rustup-init` and specify an installation profile:
```

Author: Sure, why not
